feeling stuck about what kind of content
you should be creating you're not alone
my best advice is to start by thinking
about who you're talking to are you
talking to people who've never heard of
you before and you want to introduce
yourself or are you talking to people
who already know you and follow you and
you want to bring them down the funnel
into your business i talk more about
that framework in this video but let's
start with people who've never heard
about you and you need to introduce
yourself for the first time the key here
is to educate or entertain or offer some
kind of value so that people want to
follow and hear more from you the way i
do that in my business is well videos
like this right now i share marketing
tips starting a business tips and
actually mostly tips for growing your
business on google to show that i'm a
trustworthy and reliable source of this
information you are not selling you are
introducing if you were to show to a
first date you don't say hi my name is
jill let's go make out
well probably not right no you say hi my
name is jill i'm from toronto what's
your name etc introducing yourself so
they want to get to know more about you
whereas if someone already likes you you
can go a little further down the funnel
that's where i might offer for example
more in-depth tutorials about google ads
to really demonstrate my expertise or i
may mention my upcoming google ads
course it's still not a hard sell but
you're showing more kind of features and
benefits and reasons why someone might
be interested in working with you or
buying your products or whatever it
might be think of this as like the third
or fourth date only once you've earned
someone's trust is it okay to try to
sell to them to say hey
here's what i offer here's why you
should buy from me go right there let's
seal this deal i hope this helps